update troubleshooting section (#269)
CartoDB/carto-selfhosted-helm: customizations/README.md

      ## If it is not your case, uncomment the line below
      cloud.google.com/neg: '{"ingress": true}'
  ```
### Helm upgrade fails

> If you face a problem like this below when updatings your release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you face a problem like the one below while you are updating your CARTO selfhosted installation```

Rollback was a success! Happy Helming!

helm history my-release   

REVISION	UPDATED                 	STATUS         	CHART             	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION
20      	Fri Sep 16 12:00:57 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.1-beta 	2022.9.16  	Upgrade complete
21      	Mon Sep 19 16:46:46 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.3-beta 	2022.9.19  	Upgrade complete
22      	Wed Sep 21 11:05:32 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.5-beta 	2022.9.20  	Upgrade complete
23      	Wed Sep 21 11:16:34 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.5-beta 	2022.9.20  	Upgrade complete
24      	Wed Sep 21 16:26:33 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.5-beta 	2022.9.20  	Upgrade complete
25      	Wed Sep 28 15:28:53 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.10-beta	2022.9.28  	Upgrade complete
26      	Fri Sep 30 14:14:29 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.10-beta	2022.9.28  	Upgrade complete
27      	Fri Sep 30 14:37:41 2022	superseded     	carto-1.42.10-beta	2022.9.28  	Upgrade complete
28      	Fri Sep 30 15:07:06 2022	pending-upgrade	carto-1.42.10-beta	2022.9.28  	Preparing upgrade
29      	Tue Oct  4 10:58:22 2022	deployed       	carto-1.42.10-beta	2022.9.28  	Rollback to 27
``` 

> Now you can upgrade as usual (edited) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can run the upgrade operation again
```
